when considering a career field I think it's important that you consider
the various aspects of that field because in almost every major stem
the field there are thousands of different positions you can take
you know we ended those or even broken down further so the broader
your education is in those fields the more you'll get a sense of we'll
hear a number of opportunities I might do this rather than that
I might become but visualizing the expert in data analysis rather than
a programmer in transaction processing for credit card come so you
want to get a feel for both of those while you're in school so I think
that it's not a specific course I'd recommend is justice approach
of sample everything as you go along and it and give it a shot is
always going and destroy your GP eight because you just incapable of
doing the work give it a shot in the NC with them it rings a bell
with you or at least put that your data banks because it might not interest
you now but ten years you know you'll be a different person
you might want to reconsider